========================================
MEETING MINUTES
========================================

PROJECT: LogSmart
COURSE:  COMP2003
DATE:    03-Nov-2025
TIME:    11:00 - 11:15
LOCATION: SMB 108

---
ATTENDEES
---
Lilla Radek
Ben Daffada
Daniel Kern

---
ABSENTEES
---
NONE

-----------------------------
DISCUSSION & DECISIONS
-----------------------------

1. Review of online based platforms
   - Login of Trello, GitHub and Pebblepad

2. Topic: App?
   - Discussed whether our project could take the form of an app, as currently designed as a PWA

3. Topic: Another meeting in 2 weeks, same time.

-----------------------------
ACTION ITEMS (WHAT / WHO / WHEN)
-----------------------------

* [TASK 1: Finish Setting up Trello, GitHub, Pebbled etc.]
  - OWNER: Whole Group

* [TASK: Design wireframes for initial pages]
  - TEAM MEMBER 1 (LILLA): Design Login/Register, Design Users Admin, Design Log Entry

* [TASK: Design wireframes for initial pages]
  - TEAM MEMBER 1 (BEN): Design Home Page, Design List Templates, Design Reports Page

* [TASK: Design wireframes for initial pages]
  - TEAM MEMBER 1 (DANIEL): Design List Logs, Design New template page, Design Dashboard

* [TASK 4: Write up tech stack and choose colour scheme]
  - OWNER: WHOLE GROUP

-----------------------------
NEXT MEETING
-----------------------------

DATE: 17-Nov-2025
TIME:  11:00 AM
LOCATION: SMB 108
GOAL:  Sprint 2
