========================================
MEETING MINUTES
========================================

PROJECT: LogSmart
COURSE:  COMP2003
DATE:    17-Nov-2025
TIME:    11:00 - 11:15
LOCATION: SMB 108

---
ATTENDEES
---
* Lilla Radek
* Ben Daffada
* Daniel Kern

---
ABSENTEES
---
* NONE

-----------------------------
DISCUSSION & DECISIONS
-----------------------------

1. Sprint 1 Review
   - Discussed all work undertaken during Sprint 1.
   - Tasks completed include:
     * Low fidelity wireframes
     * Gantt Chart
     * Project plan and user stories
     * Colour scheme
     * High fidelity home pages
     * Project Plan
     * Domain setup
     * Tech Stack definition
   - Tools Status:
     * GitHub and PebblePad submissions are completed.
     * Trello board needs to be updated: tasks must be moved to "In Progress" or "Complete", and any problems should be documented.

2. Sprint 2 Planning
   - Outlined the goals for the upcoming Sprint 2:
     * Implement high fidelity pages for all pages of the site.
     * Start developing the core features.
     * Begin building the backend, database, and authentication.
     * Start writing project documentation.

3. Admin & Questions
   - Asked for clarification regarding the PebblePad submission format.
   - Discussed the "design document".

-----------------------------
PAST ITEMS (COMPLETED)
-----------------------------

* [TASK 1: Update Trello board with current task statuses]
  - OWNER: Whole Group

* [TASK 2: Write up final tech stack and choose colour scheme]
  - OWNER: Whole Group

* [TASK 3: Design wireframes for initial pages]
  - LILLA: Design Login/Register, Design Users Admin, Design Log Entry
  - BEN:   Design Home Page, Design List Templates, Design Reports Page
  - DANIEL: Design List Logs, Design New template page, Design Dashboard

-----------------------------
NEW ACTION ITEMS (FOR SPRINT 2)
-----------------------------

* [TASK 1: Implement high fidelity pages for all pages]
  - Lilla:
	Logs Page
	New Template Page
	Admin Page
- Ben:
	Dashboard
	Reports Page
	Templates Page

* [TASK 2: Start development of core features]
- Daniel:
 	Implement backend and authentication/users db
- Whole Group:
	Start planning and implementing main features (templates, logs etc.)

* [TASK 3: Start project documentation]
  - OWNER: Whole Group

-----------------------------
NEXT MEETING
-----------------------------

DATE:  17-Nov-2025
TIME:  11:00 AM
LOCATION: SMB 108
GOAL:  Sprint 2
